All right, boys. It's rubber bandits.
Last man standing wins. Let's get you,
Robert. What even are we? Oh my god.
Finn, are you the Oh, yeah. Oh my god.
Is the bandit looking guy? I've never
played this in my life. He actually
hasn't. Finn actually hasn't played
this. True this time. Finn is not lying.
What are we What are we doing? What are
we doing? So, you got to knock each
other out. Think gang beast, dude. Okay,
it's not that hard. How do I throw? Oh
my god. I told you before the video
started. Finn, how do I How do I play?
Oh my god. Yes. Ow. Now what? Now you're
dead, Finn, and you wait for the next
round, buddy. Oh, wait. What? Yeah, you
have three hearts. Okay. I didn't know
that. What are you doing with the light,
dude? I don't know. I would put it down.
How do you have all of your health
still, Josh? Huh? I don't suck. I don't
suck. How do you still have all your
health? Huh? Bring me that umbrella. If
I were you, I'd go into the lava. Throw
it back to me. What are you going to do
now? Oh, that's a s I'm going to pick up
one of these. Play tennis. Play tennis.
Oh,
I'm going to throw Finn at you. Hey,
okay. I kind of get it now. I kind of
get it now. You get it. You get it. How
is it hard for you to understand Finn,
bro? I've always finished it. Joseph has
won. I know. Yeah, I actually have. I
need to win three to win. Wait, I didn't
know how many points 21 was. Okay, guys.
That's the problem here. Oh my.
It said we had
jetpacks. Is this grenade? What the hell
is happening? Now I'm confused. Wait,
I'm just I'm just beating Josh in the
corner over here. I think you guys are
probably just going to end up knocking
each other out. So I mean Oh, Finn is in
the lava. Finn is in How do I get out? I
mean, I have a chainsaw. You're really
trying, Finn. I got to respect it. How
do I get out?
Get away from me, Josh. You maniac. I've
got a chainsaw and I'm not afraid to use
it. I can tell. Okay. I get How do I get
out? Oh, hello. Hi. Wait, how do I get
down there? Only one heart. You got Finn
is still over there.
I don't know what I'm doing, bro. I
don't know what to do. I'm just
Finn, maybe you should just uh Oh, am I
dead, buddy? Is there a way Is there a
way I can grab stuff? I know. Yeah, by
dying. I don't know how you can get out
of this predicament, Finn. I uh Step one
is dying, Finn. I feel like I deserve to
live. Yeah, you got to have put up a a
good fight here. Oh, he's out. Yeah.
Okay, now we actually got to fight.
Stop, dude. Stop. Wait, you just said
fight. Leave me alone, bro. Leave me
alone. What's this, dude? Oh, dude.
Don't stay for too long. What even is
that? I don't actually know what that
is. Is it digydoo? Dry doo d
All right, let's fight. Let's fight. You
can left click the punch, by the way.
Bring it here. Bring it here, boy. Oh,
no.
No. Yeah. You're dead. You're dead, man.
No. No. Now I'm in the fin predicament.
Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He never got out. He
had to die. Hey, Josh, you go. Hey,
respect my body.
I never played this before and I won.
Okay. Everyone give me a round of
applause. Okay. Yeah. You know what?
I'll give you a little Cran is
technically winning. Oh, yeah. Oh, nice.
All right. Cran kill Josh. Good. Yes.
Yes. Just kill Josh all the time. Yes.
Oh, please bring me something good here.
I want to I want to be able to shoot you
guys. Oh my god. I can Let me get that.
Is that Is that the gun? Hey, I've tied
him up. I tied him up. Wait, there's a
gun. Yeah. Gone. Is that dude? You've
been a bad boy. Oh, yes. Yes, I got him.
That was kind of cool. That was That was
clever. I I Oh my gosh. Yes. Oh no. Oh
no. Oh, you saved me.
That was so unfair. Yeah. What's that?
Now all I have to do is throw this on.
That was so explosive. Who wants to come
over here? Oh, look at what I got, dude.
Finn, you want to juke it out, dude? You
want to juke it? Uh, no, not really.
Come on, boy. I got the box of gloves. I
have a chair, bro. Bro, what is that gun
he's got, dude? I don't want a chair.
Come here. Come here. Come here now.
Come here now. Josh, save me, Josh.
Yeah, I don't think he's going to. He
doesn't have the gun anymore.
Okay, he's got a chair, though. He's
pretty good with the chair. I got to
admit it's
Oh, no.
Good kill. Good kill. Thank you. Thank
you. Thank you. All right, Josh. I kind
of respect that. One more win. You still
got points, though. Needs a more than a
win. I need one more win, boys. No, you
don't. Two. Two more wins, boys. Don't.
No. Three more wins, boys. Maybe. Maybe
three. Oh my god, this looks dangerous.
One health. Only one health. Holy moly.
Guacamole. That seems to be able to
knock each other out immediately with
this. That seems a bit plunkalicious.
Really? Oh my god. Finn, you absolute
jerk, dude. Dead as a dodo. I thought I
could trust you, buddy.
Oh my god. Oh
my god. I didn't see it coming. He got
round one.
Okay, congratulations. And me and Finn,
well, Finn is third. We drew. We drew.
No, we didn't. I was about to say we
did, but we didn't. No, we drew. We did
not draw. Draw. Crazy how we drew that.
Yeah. Okay. Shut up, Finn.
All right. Best of three, Josh. That
means you only Well, you need one more
win if you want to win. No, it doesn't.
Now, now, Finn. Yeah. Ow. Stop. Why are
you good at the game all of a sudden?
You go, dude. I've never played this
game before, bro. He's spawn camping me,
Jo. He's not lying, though. He hasn't
played the game before. I know he's not.
This is embarrassing. Also, I feel like
you're both going after me right now.
Like, honestly, what is happening, guys?
Why? Why? I want to get this. Oh, no.
No. I wanted to get that. You better get
him, Finn. Oh. Oh, he just jumped in the
water. Get him. Small cave immediately.
Come on, Finn. Like you did to me. Do
that to Josh. Okay, Finn is actually
He's locked in. Yeah. What's going on?
Why is he good at that? I'm a little bit
confused. How do you like throw things
as like punch someone with something?
Well, there's only certain items you can
pick up and punch with. Oh, how did that
not kill you? Oh my god, he's got a gun
that no more. Oh crap. Oh crap. Oh crap.
Oh crap. What a shot. Oh, that's cray
cray. It's a one to one now, guys.
Bro, that is crazy. How did that not hit
you? How are you not getting hit? What?
Yes. How did he loot? How win now? How?
What? You okay, man? We I feel like I
was stolen from me. Yeah, I feel like it
was too fast cuz you lost cuz you got a
stupid laser gun and was like I didn't
know that did that. You know, like I've
said plenty of times before, Josh has
this thing known as plot armor. Yeah,
you have to help me out here. Is going
to be doing really good and just there's
nothing we can do about it. It's not
plot armor. It is plot armor. You're
like the main character in an anime and
we're just the sideline characters. Josh
and we can't do anything about it. How
about we kiss and make up? Really?
You're talking about me and you or you
and Josh or me, you and Josh? You and
Josh? No, you said we and I'm not you.
Hey, hey, hey. We're on the same side
place. Listen, Josh. If I'm going to go
down, I'm going to go down with you.
Okay. But I said I said my peace before.
Okay. And now you're getting beat up.
Are you guys all right over there? Why
is one of We're squabbbling, as they
say. Wait, why has Finn got like 70
health? What the hell, Finn? I do not
know. And I'll be honest with you, I
don't know why. Well, that's crazy,
boys. I've got a sword. Oh crap. Oh
crap. He's got a sword. Crap. Turn
around. Crap. He's got a sword.
Come here, V. Wait, someone just No.
Come here, Vinn. Come here.
Come here, Vinn. No.
Okay, you know what? I'm going to throw
this lovely. Eat your noodles and get
away from me.
What the hell? This mission, this
level's really hard, actually. I'm
burning. I'm burning. I'm burning. What
was that? Was that Finn? Ow. Finn,
you're such a jerk, dude. Oh crap.
That's what you get, bro. Wait, how did
you pick that up? You get catch. I don't
want to tell you actually anymore. Oh
crap.
Okay, Finn, you better get him. Okay.
Why? Stop. Put me down. Put me down
right now. Thank you. You guys are Look
at you two.
Whoa. Get him, Josh. I mean, get him,
Finn. Finn, you get Josh. Is this a gun?
I think so. Don't throw it. Don't throw
it. Oh my god. He actually hit me. Yes,
it was pretty good. Oh, you both. It's a
draw. I swear. I win. Yeah.
How? How? I deserve that. That was an
incredible throw. Behalf of me. I got to
say Finn is getting dangerous at
throwing in this game. Yeah. And he
said, he said, "I got pla." He did
great. So, I'm throwing, but Josh is
seems like you just suck, Krina. No,
what's going on here is that they're
letting the new guy shine shine. They're
letting the new guy shine in the anime
now. So, what they're doing is they're
letting Why are we in an anime? I don't
know. Everything in my life is an anime
right now, Josh. I watch it too much.
Now, let's fight to the death. Ooh, a
trash can. Oh, something about your
channel. It's gotten old, hasn't it? How
do you shoot a gun? What? It just went
over my head. How did that happen, guys?
How do you shoot a gun? How do you
think, Finn? How do you think, Vinn? Oh,
he's got a gun. Oh my god. Okay, here we
go. Open. Oh my god, it's a minigun.
What is that? Oh, black hole. How did
that hit me? I Oh my god, it's a
minigun. Ow. He's got like a shotgun.
What the hell is that?
Oh my god.
Oh my god. I just got wrecked. Why is he
got armor on? My guy actually has one of
those. Where did he get that from
though? I don't I don't get it. Blood
armor. Oh my god. That actually hit him
too, man. Have that. You're supposed to
die. Where do you keep getting the armor
from, bro? Dude. Oh, good. Get the star.
What does that do? You can smack him.
Smack him. Left click him.
What? You're invincible. Not anymore.
Well, that was crap.
No. Don't. Oh my god.
Look at this. Look at this. Wait, where
did you get the armor from, though?
Wait, Finn, where where did you get the
armor from, man? I don't know. It just
kind of happened to have it. Where did
you get the armor from? I've got to kill
you, Finn.
Where did you get the armor from? I got
voices in my head. Okay, hold on. I
didn't know this was a truck. There was
a Remember guys, last man standing wins.
Okay. Yeah. Why do I have to be on No.
Josh. Josh, don't just gang up on me,
dude. Have a bit of that. A bit of that.
Ow, dude. You're hitting me. A bit of
that. Whoa, he fell off the truck. Finn,
good job. A bit of that. Ow. Why are you
so bit that?
Why is he so Stop, dude. You're going,
you're going crazy. Ben,
no. Ben, that
this guy is insane. I'm going to win.
Wait, I won.
Another round because it was best of
three. So, I mean,
I'm a baby. Let's give myself a clap.
They turned me into a baby. I think
you're losing too badly. So, they turned
me into a baby. Yeah, I guess so.
Disrespectful,
dude. It's It's I won. I thought the
rules standing. Hang on. I thought the
rules were don't use Robux. Oh, no.
That's That's other videos. Different
game. Yeah. But good good memory. Good
memory, though. Ow.
That's not very nice to do that. I found
out how to play this game. Wait, where
are the weapons? Yeah, I know what
you're doing. You're hiding until we
kill each other. Yeah. And then he can't
actually Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my
god. Oh my god. This thing is insane.
No. You know what? No. No. No. I'm
disappointing you. I really am. Why
don't I jump out into the wall? You sure
showed me there. Oh my god, that was so
freaking thin. Freaking what the hell?
No. No. Oh my. Oh, you blew. Wait, that
is a crazy good gun. That's insane. It
only works if there's somewhere for you
to go. Yeah, that that is true. But
luckily for you, there was the ocean for
me. Not luck. It's not luck. Okay, it's
not luck, guys. Come on. What? Finn,
what do you want us to come by? These
insults are terrible. What were you
about to say, Karina?
What you
What did you say? I said nothing. Okay,
we're at the beach each. Let's go get
away. I thought I was How did that even
damage me?
Josh has a shotgun. Uh-oh. Oh my god.
Well, that's not fair, is it? He always
gets the bloody guns.
No. Oh my god, Josh. Oh my god. This is
great. This is great. How do you catch
things? Oh my god. Oh my god. That was
so OP. We just bounced on it with a
shotgun. How do you immediately get a
shotgun when you spawn in? That doesn't
sound right.
Armor. Oh, f got cringe. I keep telling
you, Finn, this guy is you do it in
anime voice, bro.
I was going to go for something a little
bit kind of racist. You try to do it.
Well, you're just going to tell me to do
it and then not do it yourself. It will.
Okay, that's good enough for me. We can
keep that in the video. Put that on
Reddit, please. No, please don't. Put
some nice reverb to it, you know.
Reverb. Shut up. Reverb. I really wory.
Wait, look. He's got underdog. Oh, it's
cuz he was the underdog. So, it's cuz
you were [__] earlier on. Yeah. Yeah, I
get it. Got it. Okay. Now he's got a
gun. You both have guns. Can you just
leave me alone for one second? That's
crazy. Okay. Oh my god. Oh my god. You
need to chill, bud. He's lost his pl
armor. Oh my god. This is insane.
I don't get it. I don't get this game
now. It's working against me. I have an
unlimited supply of plates. Oh my god,
you do.
This is ridiculous. One and Finn. Finn
fell off. Huh? You actually You only
This is [__] Okay. Jesus Christ. Okay,
we got to end this before Finn kills me
in real